# AI-Planner
This project is a personal planner that uses AI to help the user create plans, manage personal projects and achieve their goals. Technologies used: Python, Django, Openai API. 

Video demo: <https://youtu.be/2KMw0e6QluY>

This is my final project for Harvard's CS50's Introduction to Computer Science course. I wanted to do something that used AI, and I was interested in making a personal planner, because it's something I would use. 
The AI Planner was built for the planning of complex, medium or long-term goals (e.g. a few months), but can also be used for shorter goals or as a regular planner. By providing information such as the objective of the plan, the due date and the number of hours that the user plans to dedicate weekly to this objective, the application creates a personalized plan with tasks to be performed to achieve the main goal. The tasks are divided into groups and can be edited to further customize the plan.

The todo app contains the funcionalities for create, view, update and delete the tasks. It also handles the authentication proccess with the register, login and logout functions.

The goals app deals with the creation and visualization of the plans. The utils file contains the function that handles assembling the prompt with variables passed by the user according to the goal of the plan and uses the Openai API to return the response generated by the AI. This information then is used to create the personalized plan with tasks for the user. The user can change the status of tasks as they complete them and progress towards fulfilling the plan.
